README.md, before:

# CS 771A: Introduction to Machine Learning

This is the course code and notes repository for the 2019-20 autumn offering of the course CS 771A (Introduction to Machine Learning).

## Usage
The material in this repository may be used freely for the purpose of research and self-study. However, if you are an instructor/professor/lecturer at an educational institution and wish to use this material to offer a course of your own, it would be greatly appreciated if you could drop a mail to the author at the email address <a href="mailto:purushot@cse.iitk.ac.in">purushot@cse.iitk.ac.in</a> mentioning the same.

## Disclaimer
The code made available here is for the purpose of instruction only and does not offer any guarantees of utility or performance for specific applications, whether related to machine learning or otherwise.

## Author
Purushottam Kar, IIT Kanpur [website](https://www.cse.iitk.ac.in/users/purushot/)

## License

This repository is licensed under the GNU GPL v3.0 license - please see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

Course over, repo archived, see README for details

README.md, after:

## _This repository is out-of-date. Please consider referring to the latest repository for updated content. The course content for the next offering of this course is available at this [\[link\]](https://github.com/purushottamkar/ml19-20w/)._

# CS 771A: Introduction to Machine Learning

This is the course code and notes repository for the 2019-20 autumn offering of the course CS 771A (Introduction to Machine Learning).

## Usage
The material in this repository may be used freely for the purpose of research and self-study. However, if you are an instructor/professor/lecturer at an educational institution and wish to use this material to offer a course of your own, it would be greatly appreciated if you could drop a mail to the author at the email address <a href="mailto:purushot@cse.iitk.ac.in">purushot@cse.iitk.ac.in</a> mentioning the same.

## Disclaimer
The code made available here is for the purpose of instruction only and does not offer any guarantees of utility or performance for specific applications, whether related to machine learning or otherwise.

## Author
Purushottam Kar, IIT Kanpur [website](https://www.cse.iitk.ac.in/users/purushot/)

## License

This repository is licensed under the GNU GPL v3.0 license - please see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
